README.md, before:

# Cosmic Cat UserScript
<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat-branding/blob/main/banner_light.png?raw=true">
        <img src="https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat-branding/blob/main/banner.png?raw=true" alt="Cosmic Cat Banner">
    </picture>
</p>

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.6.x-purple?style=flat-square)

## Note
This project is rarely maintained and therefore not recommended for everyday use. Please use alternatives such as [CustomTube](https://github.com/lightbeam24/customtube) instead.<br/><br/>

You can access Cosmic Cat settings through the masthead or directly from this link (`youtube.com/cosmic_cat`):<br/>![image](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/assets/79811506/3cc61d60-b9db-44a6-b8c5-eb858f83db08)


## Installation
- Get **Tampermonkey** for your browser: https://www.tampermonkey.net<br/>
- Click here to open up the install prompt (requires **Tampermonkey**): [cosmic-cat.user.js](https://github.com/ciulinuwu/cosmic-cat/raw/main/cosmic-cat.user.js)

## Contributing
Cosmic Cat is early in development. If you encounter any problems while using Cosmic Cat, [please make an issue](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/issues/new?template=bug-issue.yml).<br/></br>
We also welcome contributions to the project! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)!
 
## Acknowledgements/Credits
| Name | Author |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| [ReturnYouTubeDislike](https://github.com/Anarios/return-youtube-dislike) | [Anarios](https://github.com/Anarios) |
| YabaiComponent, OpenUix, Description Sort Code | [Taniko Yamamoto](https://github.com/YukisCoffee) |
| Vorapis V3 Player, Several Utils functions | [Reprety](https://github.com/VORAPIS) |
| Cosmic Cat Banner | [UnderscoreAngel](https://github.com/UnderscoreAngel)</br>[travy-patty](https://github.com/travy-patty) |

Commit message:

Move credits to its own file
Basically to avoid clutter and having to update README.MD.

Also used for Cosmic Cat's credits tab within its settings.

Signed-off-by: Emiri <79811506+xEm1r1Fl0areax@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Cosmic Cat UserScript
<p align="center">
    <picture>
        <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat-branding/blob/main/banner_light.png?raw=true">
        <img src="https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat-branding/blob/main/banner.png?raw=true" alt="Cosmic Cat Banner">
    </picture>
</p>

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.6.x-purple?style=flat-square)

## Note
This project is a work-in-progress with varying stability, therefore not recommended for everyday use.<br/><br/>

You can access Cosmic Cat settings through the masthead or directly from this link (`youtube.com/cosmic_cat`):<br/>![image](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/assets/79811506/3cc61d60-b9db-44a6-b8c5-eb858f83db08)


## Installation
- Get **Tampermonkey** for your browser: https://www.tampermonkey.net<br/>
- Click here to open up the install prompt (requires **Tampermonkey**): [cosmic-cat.user.js](https://github.com/ciulinuwu/cosmic-cat/raw/main/cosmic-cat.user.js)

## Contributing
Cosmic Cat is early in development. If you encounter any problems while using Cosmic Cat, [please make an issue](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/issues/new?template=bug-issue.yml).<br/></br>
We also welcome contributions to the project! Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)!
 
## Acknowledgements/Credits
Please see [CREDITS](https://github.com/thistlecafe/cosmic-cat/blob/main/CREDITS).
